WSL finetuning (#1100)
plone/documentation: manage/installing/installation_windows10_wsl.rst

------------

> Before installing the shell to later configure in, the first thing to do is to enable the optional feature for a subsystem on windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before installing the shell for configuration, first enable the optional feature for a subsystem on Windows.
```

> Therefor, the program Windows PowerShell has to be launched (as administrator! - right-click the application and choose :guilabel:`launch as admin`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore the program Windows PowerShell has to be launched (as administrator! - right-click the application and choose :guilabel:`launch as admin`).
```

> Therefor, the programm Windows PowerShell has to be launched (as administrator! - right-click the application and choose :guilabel:`launch as admin`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefor, the program Windows PowerShell has to be launched (as administrator! - right-click the application and choose :guilabel:`launch as admin`).
```

To edit the code via Windows and execute it under Ubuntu with Plone CLI, a shared place accessible from both systems is needed.

Under Ubuntu this location is ``/mnt/c/`` for the Windows C-drive.

> I.e. create a folder in Windows ``C:\Plone-Projects``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a folder in Windows ``C:\Plone-Projects``.
```
